okay we're gonna have a look at my new
pellet stage it's a United States stove
can 5502 model very similar to the 5510
I believe and I can give the same one
one was older than the other it's a good
stove so they claim it's good for 2200
square foot I'm always eating 1500 mint
it has no problem keeping everything
warm on no higher than level 3 level 3
or 5 keeps it about 80 in my house like
I said it's like 1500 square foot so
yeah nice it's got the 120 pound Harbor
blast
two days for something like that the
whole control board is over here
see heat range you can adjust room fan
every fan till 9:00 we can go to auto
because one to nine you can see draft
fan which is your exhaust which takes it
outside I run it on nine also the level
of with the heat range alone three I
don't know I get a pretty good mixture
it seems to do pretty well my setup as
you can see this wall is wrong
I wasn't drilling through this when I
already had this that previously had a
wood stove our coal stay in here while
people said this wouldn't work
put the angles and whatever I didn't go
too far into calculating anything simply
just hooked it up run it up in an angle
got a three to six inch we keep all that
oh no you could see it
it spans lingers out the blue into my
channel
works very well of no complaints
the glass of old there you haven't
cleaned in about week up here
see I need to clean the ashes out
yeah good efficient stove heats very
well dog likes it you can see
right Ali
yeah there it is